roses are red violets are blue my
Annabelle
this is golden there's the light of the
moon what's this you think I'm a smile
bad I'd like to be taken care of it's
not wrong with that I like the way you
take care of me your family man now a
wife kids who are you kidding
clothes on in lab I'm sorry but you're
out of a job you follow orders
you got everything the game if you don't
have an engine now's the time to say
I'm good at what I do what about leaving
witnesses at a murder scene I don't kill
women or children
I have loose ends now all right kids
that's it go on over close you got a
second so is it my lucky day of my last
won't be my partner you take care of the
details
I do they might as well look out for
each other right
you're doing it it's behind my back you
can imagine what you've been telling
them
thank you their dad's a decent guy I'm
really proud of you our paths cross
again I'm gonna bury your own family
yeah
be fair no I'm supposed to be afraid
what are you doing crazy
you think God's gonna save me you tell
him to come down and stop me
I guess God's busy